Persistent post-pumping subsidence motivates a model containing
Lagging flow distinguishes an inertial pause before flux responds from
The hydro-mechanical object is a pumped aquifer, an intervening
Three coupled radial continuity equations.
Delayed lower-aquifer discharge coupled to drawdown storage.
Axisymmetric aquitard deflection in response to pumping w(r,t).
Laplace-domain coupled radial drawdown and deflection equations.
Algebraic drawdown and deflection solutions in Laplace-Hankel space.
Laplace-domain drawdown and deflection profiles in physical radius.
Physical-time radial drawdown and aquitard-deflection predictions.
An elementary-effect value for each parameter perturbation and
Mean absolute elementary effect mu i * for each parameter and selected
Elementary-effect standard deviation sigma i for each parameter and
Posterior medians and 95% credible intervals for each site.
Sub-detection field-site displacements and 8-15 mm synthetic
Elastic plate bending under the parameter posteriors inferred from